[feature] Added support for multiple iperf3 servers (#434)
openwisp/openwisp-monitoring: README.rst

               'udp': {'bitrate': '20M'},
               'tcp': {'bitrate': '0'},
           },
       },
       # another org
       'b9734710-db30-46b0-a2fc-01f01046fe4f': {
           # available iperf servers
           'host': ['iperf.openwisp2.io', '192.168.5.3'],
           'client_options': {
               'port': 5207,
               'udp': {'bitrate': '50M'},
               'tcp': {'bitrate': '20M'},
           },
       },
   }

> **Note:** If an organisation has more than one iperf server configured, then it enables

Reviewer: organisation > organization, the spelling with the s is valid too but let's stay consistent.

               'udp': {'bitrate': '20M'},
               'tcp': {'bitrate': '0'},
           },
       },
       # another org
       'b9734710-db30-46b0-a2fc-01f01046fe4f': {
           # available iperf servers
           'host': ['iperf.openwisp2.io', '192.168.5.3'],
           'client_options': {
               'port': 5207,
               'udp': {'bitrate': '50M'},
               'tcp': {'bitrate': '20M'},
           },
       },
   }

**Note:** If an organisation has more than one iperf server configured, then it enables

> the iperf checks to run on different devices at the same time. If the current available server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the iperf checks to run concurrently on different devices. If all of the available servers are busy, then it will add the check back in the queue.
```

Author: I'll update it, thanks!
